think deserves a
differentiation. Cyclally in the last
few years a lot of it was precautionary
saving. Um it was due to uh uh low wages
or low growth in real wages uh and uh
also expectations about the future. I
think people's expectations about jobs
in the future is not as rosy it was
before. So they want to save uh and of
course uh the household balance sheet
was also weakened by the real estate um
uh uh downturn. more fundamentally it's
the rural population hundreds of
millions of people who still have a lack
of access to social insurance and social
infrastructure. Now if we dig a little
bit deeper um it also stems from the tax
structure which I think that has to be
reformed as well a very narrow tax base
um uh income tax base u but also the
government is heavily reliant on
indirect taxation like VAT so um direct
taxation which helps with redistribution
is quite weak and then the secondary